README.md, before:

kbhbilleder-docker
==================

Docker setup for kbhbilleder.

Requirements
------------
1. [Install Docker](https://store.docker.com/search?type=edition&offering=community)
2. Clone this repository
3. [Add an .env file to ./kbhbilleder/](https://github.com/CopenhagenCityArchives/kbh-billeder#create-a-env-file-with-environment-variables)

Get started
-------
1. Clone this repo
2. run scripts/clone-projects.sh (in Windows: run git clone for the projects collections-online, collections-online-cumulus and kbhbilleder and place them in the projects folder)
3. run build-image.sh (uses docker to build kbhbilleder-dev). If you're having problems, run the build command manually: ``docker build --tag kbhbilleder:latest-dev -f "./docker/dev-env-Dockerfile" "./.."``
4. add a .env in /projects/kbh-billeder/
5. run ``docker-compose up``

Tips & tricks
-------------
* Output from the node container: `docker-compose logs -f node`
* If gulp stops because of an error, you can run: `docker-compose exec node npm run gulp`
* Changes in `package.json` should invalidate the Docker image cache.
If it doesn't rebuild, run `docker-compose up --force-rebuild --build`
* You can run `npm install` inside the container with `docker-compose exec node npm install`
* Start indexing manually (starts automatically) with `docker-compose exec node run index all`

Commit message:

- Made preparations for cloud builder, added a builder image - Updated readme to reflect that you now have to do your cloning by hand - deleted   do-clone.sh/clone-projects.sh consequently - Renamed build-image to make it clear that its strictly for local use

README.md, after:

kbhbilleder-docker
==================

Docker setup for kbhbilleder.

Requirements
------------
1. [Install Docker](https://store.docker.com/search?type=edition&offering=community)
2. Dory

Get started
-------
1. Clone this repo
2. Clone kbh-billeder, collections-online and collections-online-cumulus into projects/
3. [Add an .env file to ./kbhbilleder/](https://github.com/CopenhagenCityArchives/kbh-billeder#create-a-env-file-with-environment-variables)
4. run ``docker-compose up``

Tips & tricks
-------------
* Output from the node container: `docker-compose logs -f node`
* If gulp stops because of an error, you can run: `docker-compose exec node npm run gulp`
* Changes in `package.json` should invalidate the Docker image cache.
If it doesn't rebuild, run `docker-compose up --force-rebuild --build`
* You can run `npm install` inside the container with `docker-compose exec node npm install`
* Start indexing manually (starts automatically) with `docker-compose exec node run index all`
* If you make changes to your local projects and need a dev-env image for it (read: you made major changes to package.json) run `scripts/build-local-dev-image.sh`
